Rustc pull update (#2236)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/traits/implied-bounds.md

### using implicit implied bounds as assumptions

These bounds are not added to the `ParamEnv` of the affected item itself. For lexical

> region resolution they are added using [`fn OutlivesEnvironment::new`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
region resolution they are added using [`fn OutlivesEnvironment::from_normalized_bounds`].
```

MIR borrowck adds the outlives constraints for both the normalized and unnormalized types,
lexical region resolution [only uses the unnormalized types][notnorm].

> [`fn OutlivesEnvironment::new`]: TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`fn OutlivesEnvironment::from_normalized_bounds`]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/8239a37f9c0951a037cfc51763ea52a20e71e6bd/compiler/rustc_infer/src/infer/outlives/env.rs#L50-L55
```
